# What happened at this point
I believed that I managed to deal with digital signatures for XML documents like DTE and such, but I failed.

## Bad design decisions - What went wrong?
* After recreating a working sample of an AEC Document, I jumped straight away to use the [signer](https://github.com/ebeigarts/signer) gem, which stated that I could sign XML files. But I never actually checked it out that I can verify it's signature.
* I focused too much effort on solving the signature problem instead of accomplishing the assignment.
* I had a hard time learning how to use Nokogiri the right way. Many things confused me like the blank nodes autogenerated due to pretty printing of the XML schema when parsed.

## Implicancies
* All signatures are broken. This means If I were to use this service on a real-world application it will probably won't work
* Two days  were lost

## What to do now - Done is better than perfect.
* I'll use the remaining 12 hours to finish the exchange procedure, as all WSDLs are fully working.
    * Add an extra field indicating status, since the AEC documentation doesn't state any element which can be used as a tranfer status flag. The only way to know if a document is transferred is vía email.
    * Retrieve data from remotews and filter it
    * Display that data
    * Explain the inner workings of the platform
    * Bring it online

* If I have some spare time, I'll finish the signing thing.
    * I realized that I can do the signature using [xmldsig](https://github.com/benoist/xmldsig) gem, but I need to understand how it works.